This is Clarissa, and a long wait is almost over.
After a few delightful commercials, I take over.
That's right, Clarissa explains it all, it's coming up next.
I know, I'm excited.
If there's a couch alone in the forest, does it snick?
Stay tuned.
Look, up in the sky, I mean down in the water.
It's a sea bass, it's a submarine, it's Fulifer!
Yes, Nickelodeon presents Flipper!
Bottlenose brewed often from the priny deep
with powers far beyond those of normal sea mammals.
Flipper, faster than a speeding mackerel,
able to hurdle two kids with a single swan dive.
And who, spending his days as a mild-mannered pet
for this pair of adventurous brothers,
fights a never-ending battle for kids, dolphins,
and the Nickelodeon way.
Flipper, every weekday on Nick.
Nickelodeon presents.
Hi, I'm a colored caulk.
And this is true stories from famous people.
What's the best prank you ever pulled?
I put double-sided tape on the toilet seats.
When I sat down on the toilet seats, I was like, uh-oh.
I put, like, black pepper in the coffee maker.
And I put bird seeds in the trail mix.
For more practical pranks, watch Macaulay Culkin
in Home of Own 2.
And for more true stories, keep watching Nickelodeon.
Make your Christmas a little more magical with nap
from the Land of Knives.
I had such a funny dream.
$10, only at Target.
Home of Own 2 is coming just in time for the holidays.
He's back.
He's in New York.
Wouldn't you love to see how the movie was made?
Action.
Yes.
It's all here in this incredible video called
Behind the Scenes of Home of Own 2.
To get your copy just buy a pair of LA gear shoes
and you get the video free.
Get this video only at participating LA gear retailers
while supplies last.
From out of the mud, the muck and the mire.
Comes a handle by first and then one tough tire.
A huffy rises from out of the ooze.
Mutslingers come in, come in looking for you.
Huffy Mutslingers with muck muncher tires,
sludge busters, and muck jammers.
So they'll take whatever you throw at them.
Remember when Mutslingers come looking for you.
A kid's got to do what a kid's got to do.
Huffy America's first choice.
Traveling with a cargo of dreaded outlaws,
the rebel hunter is down.
It's prisoner's escape.
There's only one hope, the LEGO Maniac.
Dude!
Space police mobilized.
Plantary patrol rock and roll.
Of these base dudes, there's no escape
for most righteous justice.
Today there is peace, but only the LEGO Maniac
knows what the stars hold for tomorrow.
Mugs cosmic.
The LEGO Systems Space Police Collection
eats all separately, only from LEGO.
Nobody challenges the king of the school yard.
Nobody but Mikey.
OK, King.
You and me, one on one.
It's Super Slam Basket, high speed
reload and realistic sound.
I'm warming for a paint.
I'll pop it from the cherry stride.
I'll air me on this three-point range.
The scoreboard tells the team.
Nothing but neck.
Super Slam Basket and full court slam
basket from Catacombs.
All the magic of Disney's newest adventure, Aladdin.
Yo, let's dance some fun.
Here's beautiful princess Jasmine with Aladdin and G.D.
Make me a prince so I can marry Jasmine.
One wish coming up.
G.D. House Aladdin, Booth Dickinson.
Not another prince, but Jasmine.
Aladdin, it's you.
Let's dress her in a princess gown.
So beautiful.
G.D. is the best doll there could be.
Aladdin and Jasmine come with two outfits,
all dolls sold separately, new from Mattel.
A new game is here for you, Super NES Super Skull.
So prepare yourself because this one fights back.
Introducing Battle Clash.
10 levels where monster machines get totally in your face.
Battle Clash, it's more than a game.
It's a breakthrough.
Have you been inside all day?
Only on the Super Nintendo Super Game System.
Now your language is superpower.
Snick.
That's Snick.
That's Snicket.
Snick there.
Snick here.
It's Snicking out.
Saturday night.
Nickelodeon.
It's Snick.
We're going to Snick.
And you can Snick.
It's time to Snick.
Now.
Ever notice when a person says, I have good news and bad news?
The good news is never good enough.
And the bad news is always worse than you can imagine.
I guess people always try to make the best of a bad situation.
Even all through history.
Remember Custer's last stand?
You're no Custer.
Yes, what is it?
Well, I have good news and I have bad news.
Don't make me wait, son.
Well, the good news is the battle's almost over.
Great.
What's the bad news?
Is that not of your writing home?
Yeah.
I don't think it's going to get there.
How about what they did to Joan of Arc?
Joan, the good news is to the French, you're a hero.
And a saint.
What's the bad news?
Others think you're a witch.
And don't forget Adam and Eve.
The good news is the best apple I've ever tasted, Adam.
What's the bad news?
Okay.
So the news flash I just got, here goes.
The good news?
My mom got promoted to activities director at the Children's Museum.
The bad news?
She made up a thing called Family Volunteer Day.
That's the day where each parent who works there, like dear old mom,
picks a day to bring along the kids like four little me.
The good news is, it's only one day.
The bad news is, with all those little kids running around,
this could be the worst day of my life.
Listen to the carton, honey, it smells awful.
Oh, it's a special surprise.
I found them in the storeroom at the museum.
The whole staff used to wear them.
What are they?
Matching jackets so all the guests will know where the volunteers.
Mom, these relics should be in display, not on people's bodies.
Now, Clarissa, I'm counting on all of you to join in on Family Volunteer Day.
Besides, I think it'll be fun.
Find something you enjoy to share with the children, huh?
I've got just a thing.
Great.
Do you need any special materials, construction paper, paste?
Just the keys to the family car.
I'll be sure to move some indie-style driving.
Clarissa.
Can I at least show them how the wipers work?
No, you've got a couple more days.
Sport, try something else.
Marshall, have you figured out how to explain what you architects do?
Yeah.
I'm going to take my sketches and put them side-by-side with photographs of the finished buildings.
And then they'll see how the artist's vision becomes reality.
Great.
Just keep some markers handy so they can draw in case the kids get bored.
Gee, thanks.
How about you, Ferguson?
Uh, could I teach them about ice cream?
Oh, what a great idea.
Sure, I thought you'd say no.
Oh, I think they'll love a lecture about how to make ice cream.
Actually, Mom, I was going to teach them how to eat ice cream.
I had the queasy for you next to the museum.
Ferguson.
Oh, come on, Mom.
Think about it.
I can't do it in the museum.
The ice cream will melt.
Ferguson, read my lips.
No.
Nice try.
It was a brain.
The whole point of Family Volunteer Day is to get the kids into it,
not to get yourselves out of it.
Besides, it's something to do as a family, right?
When you say family, does that include Pergantula?
Oh, come on, guys.
You'll try.
Promise?
Sure, Mom.
I promise.
You know me.
Marshal, is there something wrong with your arm?
No.
Nothing.
Are you sure?
Does it itch?
No, it's probably just a bite or a pimple or a rash or something.
Well, don't let it go too long.
Remember the time you stepped on that blowfish.
That was not my fault.
But I promise to take care of the itch.
You know all these new duties of yours at the museum?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, don't you think it's a little too much?
I mean, with all you have to do around here?
Marshal, you're absolutely right.
It'll have to change.
You mean no family volunteer day?
Don't be silly.
I mean, everyone else would just have to help me more with the chores.
Oh, and by the way, if anyone drinks any juice, save the cans.
Why?
I'm going to teach the children how to make them into bird feeders.
You'll see.
Volunteering is so rewarding.
The only thing I don't get is, how is it volunteering when your mother is making you do it?
Clarissa Darling, welcome to my project,
here at the Children's Museum.
I just stepped away for a moment, but I'll be back real soon.
I knew right away I would hate family volunteer day.
How?
There's a rule of thumb you can follow.
Something to help you predict what kind of things will ruin your day.
It's the capital letters.
You've got to watch out for certain structured activity days with the capital letters.
See these two?
Assembly day and family volunteer day don't belong.
Why?
Because you don't get off from school.
But Christmas, spring break, president's day?
Fine.
No problem.
Remember, if anybody tells you about a new capital letters day and you don't get off from school, beware.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
You lose this?
No.
No, thanks to you.
So how's family volunteer day going?
Watch.
This is Clarissa.
Who is here?
Where were you?
I stepped away, but I'll be back.
If I set this machine up at the museum with enough tapes and let them fly, I can hide out all afternoon.
I've already recorded three hours of freedom.
Sounds great.
But who's going to change the tapes?
Doing anything Saturday?
Nice try.
I don't understand.
What's so bad about the children's museum?
Well, it's hard to say unless you've been there.
And I've never been there.
Wanna run that by me again?
I've never been there.
We're talking about the place where your mom works, right?
I walked by it once.
Doesn't that count?
I have an idea.
What?
Let's check it out together.
No, Sam.
Come on, down the ladder, one foot in front of the other.
Sam, no.
All right.
How about this?
I'll check it out for you.
You will?
Kind of a scouting expedition.
Maybe if you hear a recycling, it won't feel so negative.
Think so?
Hang tight.
I'll be back.
Clarissa.
Sorry I'm out, but hang tight.
I'll be back.
Hi, this is Clarissa, darling.
Does anybody know when this place closes?
Hi, Sam.
Who took you?
Hey, Clarissa.
It was pretty cool.
All these different rooms with activities and stuff.
So I plugged it all into my galactic Gordon game.
Nate, so what do I do?
Go ahead.
Explore.
See what you find.
Okay.
You're in the save energy room.
Good luck finding the escape hatch.
What about this window?
No way.
It's a fake.
Total blowout.
But you can lower the temperature and turn off the lights.
Now I'll freeze in the dark.
But where can I hide?
What's up behind this door?
It's a nice try.
Nothing but a slop sink in there.
Gross.
I'm moving out of here.
Now this looks promising.
You just hit the rainforest room.
Maybe I'll wear camouflage and hide.
Or if I bribe this parent, maybe he'll tell me the way out.
I don't think it works that way.
Oh, wait.
That's not a light switch.
Great.
Now I really am all wet.
Is this window a way out?
Not unless you're Superman.
That won't stop me.
Hey, what's this place?
The music room.
Try the gigantic xylophone made of water glasses.
Sam, I want to make a getaway, not addition for Star Search.
Wait a minute.
The escape hatch.
You don't want to do that.
Great.
Maybe if I do enough property damage, they'll kick me out.
Exit.
I'm home.
Oh, no.
I'm still stuck.
There's no way I'll ever get past the bug case.
My mom says that's the exhibit the kids like most.
I'll never sneak past them.
Let's face it.
Might as well forget this whole tape recorder idea.
I'm trapped.
Just like one of those bugs on display.
Might as well squash me and stick me under glass.
Clarissa, maybe you should forget about escaping
and think of it as something to do with your family.
Please.
I kill to have a family and stuff like this to do.
Well, maybe you should join us.
Well, maybe I will.
Maybe you can take my place.
I'll leave it and give you the tape recorder,
and I'll throw him Ferguson.
Wait.
Ferguson.
What now?
He was trying to get out of this, too,
and maybe if we work together.
Whoa, you and Ferguson?
That's radical.
I need an idea, Sam.
There's no brain more devious on earth than his.
I must admit, at first I didn't throw myself into the project,
but then I had a change of heart.
Oh, great.
What did a change into, a bunny?
I realized that family volunteer day
is the perfect opportunity for my exceptional mind
to affect these youngsters for the rest of their lives.
That's for sure.
They may never recover from the emotional wounds.
Um, have you seen my...
Look at this a second, Marshal.
Ferguson wants to read to the children.
Oh.
Well, that's great.
Of course, I usually try to make the exhibits more interactive.
Yeah.
You know, Ferguson, try to read interactively.
You know, I'm missing...
Read interactively.
How do you do that?
Uh, I have no idea.
Jen, and I can't find...
Marshal, what is it?
My gray slacks.
Have you seen them?
I thought, you know, with the jacket.
Oh, honey, I forgot.
They're at the cleaners.
It slipped my mind.
Um, can you find something else that goes?
How about my striped boxer shorts?
Can you just pick up the slacks?
I don't have time, dear.
Okay, no problem.
So, Ferguson, what book did you choose?
I want to enrich their souls with the classic American novel
that meant so much to me.
Billy the Talking Toaster.
Do you say classic?
I just can't underestimate the impact of fine litter chair
on a tender young mind.
Um, Ferguson?
May I see you outside a moment?
I'd like to have an opportunity to have an impact
on a tender young mind.
Yours?
Mr. Ferguson, I thought you didn't want to go.
I still don't.
But if I cooperate and you don't,
then who ends up looking like the jerk?
Okay, I'll admit the odds are in your favor,
but you can't want to do this.
I know you think you do, but you're wrong.
You'll get to the museum.
There'll be all these kids.
You'll realize it was a mistake.
Trust me.
I used to babysit.
Mute children, not a threat to my superior intelligence.
Then help me figure out a way.
Why should I?
I'm older.
I'll have access to firearms before you will.
Besides, there are probably a few good excuses
stashed away in that superior intelligence of yours, eh?
Well, since you put it that way, let me think.
Ah, you know that green shampoo of mom's?
The one that smells like the lawn?
Yeah, that's it.
Well, you could cook some oatmeal and color it with a shampoo,
and then when you spill some down your shirt
and smear a little on your chin,
they'll think it's some kind of devil puke or something.
No, remember?
You pulled that one.
Dad wanted help sorting nails in the garage.
Ah, yes.
You can't have dinner a minute.
They threatened you with exorcism.
Come on.
This is where you shine.
Okay.
Oh, I got it.
I'll call and pretend I'm Mr. Flutstein
and then say that you have to stay home
and write some report on the cooking oil containers
in Mesopotamia.
No, they'll want to read the report.
And cooking oil was hardly what made Mesopotamia great.
Come on.
Forget scams.
Forget schemes.
Think psych of the century.
I got it.
Well, stay to kidnapping.
Leave a ransom note.
There could even be some money in it.
Eris is getting kidnapped for ransoms,
not girls like me.
Okay.
You're holding out on me.
I know it.
Act like the weasel you were born to be.
Weasel, that's a great way to talk, sis.
Well, congratulations.
You're now officially on your own.
Come on, Ferguson.
Don't desert me.
I have no idea what my project at the museum will be.
I've got no idea how to get out of it.
And now, a true sign of desperation.
I just asked Ferguson not to leave.
It's holiday time.
Boy, oh boy.
And the Nicktoons are busy making their holiday wish lists.
Tommy's wishing for a new ball.
Doug has visions of Patty dancing through his head,
while Stimpy's dreaming of a swimming pool
full of bison-scented getty litter.
But then there's Ren.
And now, a true sign of determination.
But then there's Ren's wish,
the Nicktoons, they're a little excited
about the holiday season on the First Kids Network.
Now, a Polaroid introduces new party film.
You know you make your wonderful,
wow Polaroid shoots through your head,
jumpin' out.
Nothing picks up a party like new Polaroid
party film with colorful new borders.
So grab some new party film and
This season, Pizza Hut's giving you something to celebrate.
The holiday stuffer, a pizza loaded with 10 great toppings, pepperoni, mushrooms and olives,
Italian sausage, ham and bacon, beef and pork toppings, onions, even green peppers.
Now a Pizza Hut, try one medium for a special price of $9.99.
Any second pizza's half its menu price.
But you'd better hurry because when the season ends, so does the deal.
Enjoy the holiday stuffer from Pizza Hut, one medium's $9.99.
Any second pizza's half its menu price.
Sure, you have the easy life, but you blew it all.
It was just one game, warden.
But the name of the game is Don't Go To Jail.
You gotta roll those dice form as many grooves as you can.
But if you roll, go to jail, you lose it all.
Don't Go To Jail, the monopoly dice game.
Sitcoms, which control agent was always hiding in mailboxes?
Agent 14.
Ah, 13.
Oh, missed it by that much.
The Trivial Pursuit TV Edition.
Is anyone not playing this game?
Nobody wears just white anymore.
Now everything's bright.
But how do you remove stains from bright colors without taking the color out too?
Now you can treat colors special with new color bright Clorox 2.
Clorox 2 Color Safe Bleach has special stain lifters to lift stains
and brighteners to keep those pretty bright colors, those pretty bright colors.
So treat shirts, towels, and sheets special with new color bright Clorox 2.
The Color Specialist.
Be prepared.
But can anything prepare you for an afternoon of torture at the Children's Museum?
My mom thinks I've come up with some sort of top secret project.
The top secret is, I had no project.
But I prepared it in another way.
Here's my survival kit.
Little piles of treats here and there around the museum
should lure that army of brats away from me.
I hate contributing my junk food stash, but it's a small price to pay for peace.
Comics.
Ways them in front of certain kids and they're silent for hours.
So that's not all.
Just to make sure, I'm packing the ultimate repulsor.
The one item that's sure to keep those kids away from me,
as long as I keep it firmly in my fist.
So.
Swift.
Silent.
Effective.
To a little kid, there's nothing more deadly.
Hi Sam, you ready to go?
Hi Clarissa.
The whole way over here, I tried to come up with some good news,
but I guess it's all bad.
You mean you can't come to the museum with me?
Today's the father son picnic at my dad's newspaper.
A picnic?
Well that sounds a lot better than family volunteer day.
Yeah, they have it every year.
It's pretty cool unless they start a fight and die gets punched out again.
So have you picked the project yet?
Not yet.
Now I have to go alone.
What do you mean alone?
You'll have your mom, your dad, Ferguson?
There's one thing I won't have.
What's that?
I won't have fun.
I can do it, I can do it.
Mom, I'm ready.
Let's do it.
We're not doing it.
What?
Why not?
I'm ready.
I'm prepared.
We're not going.
The children's museum is closed.
Yes.
I mean, it's terrible.
The boiler erupted and they shut off the water.
Those poor, deprived children.
Well, I guess I'll be in my room.
I mean, Mom, I know you were looking forward to this and everything.
It was a chance for you to bring your work at the museum home for the family to share.
Well?
Clarissa?
What did you just say?
Well, before that.
You mean about bringing your work at the museum home?
Yes, that's it.
That's an absolutely spectacular idea.
Gee, it sounds like sucking up to me.
You sure know the sound.
We can bring them to the museum home.
We can?
Mom, I wouldn't be too hasty about this.
Marshall, you can show off your drawings right here.
Oh, sure.
Why not?
It's a terrific idea.
You know, of course, we'll have a whole house to clean before they get here and what
a mess after they leave and you're so busy, so it's probably not such a great idea.
Oh, I absolutely love it.
Ferguson, how about your project?
My room would probably be the perfect setting to make my reading more memorable for the
children.
Great.
As memorable as a nightmare on Elm Street.
Clarissa, how about your top secret project?
Sure.
Right.
My top secret project.
Well, I guess it'll work here as well as at the museum.
Oh, great.
Now, let me see.
I have to call the museum to post a sign on the door.
Oh, and then, of course, we'll need more juice.
Oh, this is perfect.
We'd better get ready.
Ferguson, when you read to the children, why not use different voices for all the
characters?
Voices?
Sure.
Like, how about a big, deep voice for Mr. Pumpernickel?
And a high, tiny voice for Billy the Toaster.
Uh, sure, Mother.
That's delightful.
Just stay away from the regular Ferguson voice.
It could scar a child for life.
Oh, Marshall, do you have extra rulers and things?
Yeah, there's a few in the whole closet.
Why?
Oh, well, you know, dear, sometimes children break stuff.
How's your rash?
Is it stop-spreading?
You know, it's just a little uncomfortable, but don't worry.
I'll be fine.
How about you, top-secret project ready?
Just send those kids straight upstairs to my room, Mom.
Good.
Oh, there they are.
Everybody take your places.
Oh, and Clarissa, remember?
I know, Mom.
Have fun.
An exhibit.
I need some kind of exhibit.
My first guess.
Well, how nice to see you.
Exactly where you are.
And now, for my exhibit at the Darling Family Children's Museum.
Me!
Glad you could join me.
My name is Clarissa, and this is my room.
Life sure is exciting for the typical teenager these days.
Watch me as I talk on the phone in my typical teenage way.
Imagine my own phone.
And here I am reading my diary.
We teenagers sure do have a lot of private special thoughts.
Well, that's all for now.
OK, show's over now.
Get out of here.
Go visit my brother, Fergus, and he lives across the hall in Furgatory.
Hurry up.
Your lovers have arrived.
Hello.
How are you?
Hi.
All it takes to make a really lovely bird feeder at home,
a couple of pie plates, a coat hanger, and an empty juice can.
Then you can study the birds just like we do at the museum.
Now, who would like to start?
Well, what should we do to break the ice?
I know.
Before we get started, would anyone like some juice?
Great.
All right.
Everybody just sit tight.
I see my theories on child control are completely accurate.
Remember, you promised us a buck each.
We settled at 50 cents.
OK, OK, OK, OK.
One buck.
Now, just sit there and enjoy the story.
It's called Billy the Talking Toaster.
Toasters can't talk.
This one talks.
There once was a little gingerbread house.
Where's the house?
I don't know.
Be quiet.
I'm going to tell a little gingerbread house and we got ants.
Come here.
Now, this is the first building I ever designed.
And I really, I really, let's put that down.
I really love this drawing.
And I'll probably keep it always.
Of course, you know, it's not good to get too attached to things.
What a crowd.
You know, there sure are a lot of trendy teenage magazines
for the typical teenagers these days.
And you know what else?
A whole range of fashion.
You can design your very own look.
Imagine.
Well, bye-bye.
OK, now take off.
Make room for the others.
By the way, don't miss the baboon across the hall.
He answers to the name Ferguson.
Gee, running a museum is a breeze.
Billy returned the next day to find his friend missing.
And then Billy and the talking toaster got really mad.
And instead of talking, he just wracked his cord
around the neck of an awful little boy.
And he just squeezed and squeezed
until the little boy finally gave up.
Now get back.
Get away.
Get back.
See, the seeds go up in here.
And then the birds sit down here to eat them.
Isn't there anyone who'd like to try?
Well, I'm all out of juice.
Um, does anyone need to use the bathroom?
All right, it's right up the stairs.
Museum?
Uh, this itching's driving me nuts.
Look, Dad, on the jacket, get G-square.
Here, dear.
Oh, kids, a bug with about a million legs.
Did that come out of your jacket?
It must have been what bit me.
Neat, Mrs. Darling, this is great.
We're a cool bug.
There are lots more bugs at the children's museum.
Some of them are even in the bug case.
Who's gonna go there next week and check it out?
Me!
How's that rash?
Well, it was the bug bite, all right.
The doctor gave me this stuff.
Hard to believe one bug could cause all that.
Well, it was really from all the scratching.
The more I worried about your extra work,
the more I worried, the more I itched, the more I itched.
The more I scratched, the more I scratched,
the more it spread, the more it spread.
Marshall?
I still can't find a picture of this thing.
Maybe because I squashed it.
Will someone at the museum know what it is?
Oh, don't worry.
There's probably a lot more in the storeroom.
Well, things got a little out of hand,
but it was still fun, hm?
The bad news is family volunteer day is over.
Wait a minute.
That's the bad news.
That means there must be good news, too.
There's more snicking straight ahead,
so stick around and see what's up at the roundhouse.
Next on Snick.
It's the Muppet Babies.
I'm Piggy, and this is Kermit's Fuzzy Rolls.
Or are they really Princess Piggy,
Indiana Frog, Millionaire Fuzzy and Maestro Roll?
You've got to watch to find out
because on Nick Jr., these babies
can be anyone they want to be
and go anywhere they want to go,
like the Sahara, the Jungle, or the Indy 500.
I'll paint a rocket going to the moon!
Adventure with the Muppet Babies
every weekday at 9, 8 Central on Nick Jr.
Nobody wears just white anymore.
Now everything's bright.
But how do you remove stains from bright colors
without taking the color out, too?
Now you can treat color special
with new color bright Clorox 2.
Clorox 2 Color Safe Bleach has special stain lifters
to lift stains and brighteners
to keep those pretty bright colors,
those pretty bright colors.
So treat shirts, towels, and sheets special
with new color bright Clorox 2,
the color specialist.
At the JC Penney Holiday Sale,
you'll save 10 to 40%
on the things you need for the holidays.
You'll save on strings of lights,
festive ornaments,
and colorful wrappings.
Save on ribbons and bows,
beautiful decorations,
and lots of shining stars.
When you see how much we've trimmed our prices,
you'll know why the best place
to spend this holiday season is
JC Penney!
Strangers in the night,
exchanging glances,
wandering in the night.
What were the chances
we'd be sharing love?
Time X. It takes a licking and keeps on ticking.
This season, Pizza Hut's giving you something to celebrate.
The holiday stuffer of pizza loaded with 10 great toppings.
Pepperoni, mushrooms, and olives,
Italian sausage, ham, and bacon,
beef and pork toppings, onions,
even green peppers.
Now at Pizza Hut, try one medium
for a special price of $9.99.
Any second pizza's half its menu price.
But you'd better hurry because when the season ends,
so does the deal.
Enjoy the holiday stuffer from Pizza Hut.
One medium's $9.99. Any second pizza's half its menu price.
Jingle bells, jingle bells.
Oh, what fun it is to ride.
You're really where it's at.
Merry Christmas to you.
Blow from the fighter and please back.
Watch Christmas at Eureka's Castle.
Friday at 8, 7 central.
On Nickelodeon.
That went by just now.
No matter what anybody does, time just keeps on moving.
As a matter of fact, the time it just took me to say
as a matter of fact was about two and a half seconds
staggering, isn't it?
When you're a kid, sometimes time just seems to whiz on by
like summer vacation.
Well, school's out. See you next year.
Oh, awesome dude. Let's go to the beach.
Sorry, school's back in.
Other times it seems to crawl.
Tonight we decided to go through a whole year
in 24 minutes and 38 seconds.
37, 36, 35.
Of course the year begins at midnight.
I'm New Year's Eve.
Hey guys, we gotta do better than that.
Next comes Groundhog Day.
Oh no, I'm sorry, Phyllis.
Next comes Martin Luther King Day.
Right on, brother.
Then comes Groundhog Day.
It's the only day of the year that's never been
made into some kind of lame-o-horror movie.
Until now, Groundhog Day.
If he sees his shadow, it's probably sunny,
which means that in 10 or 12 years
you could get like a skin cancer or something.
So you better use the least SPF 15, Groundhog Day.
It could bore you to tears.
Then comes Valentine's Day,
which to a kid, of course, means rejection.
Not anymore.
Everyone do I you don't get Valentine's?
Yeah.
Well, maybe it's because they all say,
I love you.
And for a kid, that's just too hard to say.
Well, now there's a new line of half-hearted Valentine's
that say, I tolerate you.
You'll want to send a Valentine to every kid in your class
when you can choose from such warm sentiments as?
Jim, for a bad guy, you don't sweat much.
Perfect.
And what girl could resist a card that read?
I think we're perfect for each other.
We're both nearsighted and stupid.
And the touching?
You know, you don't look so ugly in your dad's beamer.
Yes, it's a new I tolerate you card from half-hearted
when you care just enough to send the very least.
Hi, I'm Video Valentine.
If you'd like to make a personal video of Valentine,
feed me a quarter.
Then tell your sweet nothings for all the world to puke at.
Science who like lends me his pencils.
I think that's really sweet of you.
And I would like to say it from the bottom of my heart.
Valentine's Day is the loveliest and most special person in the world.
Me.
If you walk along the star, I can reach the highest star.
I can do anything for you, my love, because I don't have a car.
Heard that.
Then we have St. Patrick's Day, a very important day
for those of us of Irish descent.
We have Easter.
This is our oldie, chocolate eggs and jelly beans until they puke.
Yeah.
In May, we have Mother's Day.
This is the day we set aside to honor our mothers for all the care and love-
Stand up straight, son.
I am standing up, mom.
This is the day we set aside to honor our mothers for all the care and love-
Mom, what are you doing?
Honey, you've got something that's right here.
It's in the corner of your mouth.
I think it's dried up mustard.
Do you have to give me a spit bath right now?
I'm trying to do this announcement.
Oh, fish.
I just want you to look your best.
Yeah, I appreciate it.
Anyway, Mother's Day is the day we set aside to honor our mothers for all the care and love-
You already said that.
I know I said that.
Okay, mothers are the ones that bandage our knees when we fall down.
Did you fall down?
No, I didn't fall down.
I'm just trying to make a point.
Well, right now, your hair is what's making a point, all right?
You've got that awful cow lick.
I don't care.
You are not going to lick my hair on national television.
Now will you just please leave me alone so I can tell everybody how much I love you?
Oh, that's what you were trying to say?
Yes.
Oh.
We'll go ahead.
Oh, fish.
In the day.
Next time, summertime.
Life could be up on my time.
Showtime anytime.
Find it out this any time.
Backtime, real time.
Waiting for my real time.
Nighttime, glamour time.
In a little hamper time.
Oh.
Sunhouse will be back to snick after this.
7th Cent route to you from Nick.
Now, wait a minute.
Polaroid introduces new party film.
You know you make me want you.
I'm Polaroid.
You threw your hands up.
You're just a smile.
Nothing picks up a party like new Polaroid party film with colorful new borders.
So grab some new party film and...
I'm Polaroid.
This season, Pizza Hut's giving you something to celebrate.
The holiday stuffer of pizza loaded with 10 great toppings.
Pepperoni, mushrooms and olives.
Italian sausage, ham and bacon.
Beef and pork toppings.
Onions, even green peppers.
Now at Pizza Hut, try one medium for a special price of $9.99.
Any second pizza is half its menu price.
But you'd better hurry because when the season ends, so does the deal.
Enjoy the holiday stuffer from Pizza Hut.
One medium is $9.99.
Any second pizza is half its menu price.
This holiday season, JC Penney cares more about the way you look.
Happy.
Satisfied.
Relax.
So we're giving you more service.
We're stocking up and staffing up.
We're offering you somewhere else to turn for gifts you don't find in the store.
And no hassle returns at all 1300 stores.
With all we're doing to keep you smiling.
And saving.
You'll see why the best place to spend this holiday season is...
JC Penney.
It's holiday time.
Boy, oh boy.
And the Nicktoons are busy making their holiday wish lists.
Tommy's wishing for a new ball.
Doug has visions of Patty dancing through his head,
while Stimpy's dreaming of a swimming pool full of bison-scented kitty litter.
But then there's Ren's wish.
The Nicktoons.
They're a little excited about the holiday season on the First Kids Network.
First words from Mom when you were three years old.
You're my baby.
You'll always be my baby.
And I will love you forever and ever.
And then you turn 12.
All the while, time keeps on moving.
And kids keep on growing.
And now another episode of growing pains.
Dad! Help!
I think I'm getting taller!
We now bring you to another boring show sponsored by Public Television.
Hello, I'm Dr. Carl Sagan and welcome to Cosmos,
the show that is designed to keep you informed.
I brought in some of the most sophisticated state-of-the-art equipment
to illustrate the extraordinary rate we humans grow in a short period of time.
See how Jimmy here has grown two feet in less than a year,
while one's height is not the only thing that grows quickly.
Dad's gut has also grown substantially in the same period of time as well.
Thing of beauty, ain't it?
Mom's butt has also grown impressively.
Ah, shucks!
And Jimmy's sister can finally chuck that training bravert!
You know, sweetheart, I remember when you were just a little girl
and now you're just as tall as me with a huge set of hoodies.
Oh, Mom, how could you even bring that up?
Did you finish your homework?
Yeah, I just got finished reading that girls grow much faster than boys,
so I guess you're going to be bigger than me soon.
Wow, wouldn't that be weird if you had a nightmare about that right now?
No, here come the dream people now.
Further tiny mail!
You have just entered the land of Amazon girls!
Your incy-weency presence will not be tolerated!
I don't get it.
Naturally.
Our brains are developing at a much faster rate than yours,
itty-bitty-nitty.
We have entered the female growth spurt
and will continue to dominate you throughout puberty.
Uh-uh, you're just Theresa McComb from my gym class.
You ain't no Amazon lady.
Silence! Your grammar's as poor as you are dinky.
Oh, yeah? Well, I see London, I see France,
I see someone's giant underpants!
I like sweater linner. Where do we get you?
To the last day of school, will you sign my yearbook?
Sure.
Stamp out needless yearbook signings with stamp-ons from Slugmasters.
Now you can personalize every yearbook you sign
and just a fraction of the time it normally takes.
Have a great summer, see you next year,
you're a really neat person, love Cindy.
Now you can fill those oddly shaped spaces faster than ever,
with such classic sass.
Hope you have a class together next year,
you really know how to make me smile.
Let's always stay friends, okay?
Order now and receive, stay as sweet as you are,
at no extra charge and for those yearbooks
you hate to sign.
God, Cindy, will you please sign my yearbook?
Sure, Lewis.
Overdue books will be charged 25 cents a day?
Geez, that's steep!
Stamp-ons, available for guys too, from Slugmasters.
All right, now it's time for Father's Day.
Go ahead, let the festivities begin.
Oh, I see you're all hiding back there,
you're gonna jump out and surprise me.
All right, go ahead, jump out, yell surprise,
and give me a tie.
Look, I know you got me a tie,
you give me a tie every year.
Of course, I don't even wear ties,
but I guess it's a thought that counts.
Hey, I'm wise to you guys.
Go ahead, come up with the Father's Day surprise.
Father's Day?
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah.
Well, um, we got you that thing.
You know, like, wonderful...
Uh, dance bumper.
Dance bumper, yeah.
Right, right, we did this dance just for you.
What?
Roundhouse will be back to snick after this.
That's a bag.
Go straight, Daddy!
From Parker Brothers!
Shhh!
The number one comedy in America is a real scream.
He's back!
Sometimes I do get into this shit.
We all do.
Home Alone 2, brilliant.
Ready for beaching.
Now play Everywhere.
I love the taste of milk, Max.
It's a great taste.
Mm-hmm.
Which is why, for the pleasure of a tall, tasty glass,
I do almost anything.
For the smooth, cool goodness of milk,
I fly to the farthest galaxy.
For the cold, refreshing taste of milk,
I crawl through the burning wasteland.
For one, satisfying, yummy, gulp of milk,
I'd stretch myself to the limits.
I do homework, Max.
Wow.
Milk.
It tastes so good.
Listen up.
Sonic 2 is here, with ten levels and a fresh new half pipe.
A casino zone, his new buddy Tails,
and blast processing,
which makes him faster than ever.
Suck it!
With awesome new graphics,
the new split screen lets two play,
and a spin dash that can move startling.
I love doing that.
New Sonic 2 for Sega Genesis and Game Gear,
each sold separately.
For Roundhouse on Ning.
More time to snake.
How to make time work for you?
Well, it's easy.
Just open a kid's account at First Union Capital,
Federal Associated Savings and Trust.
Hey, Billy, we're going to the video arcade.
Want to come?
No thanks.
See, while my friends are foolishly squandering away their money,
my page will be earning interest.
At First United Capital,
Federal, Regional, Imperial,
Republican, Confederate,
National Union Savings and Trust.
In a few years,
my money will have grown enough
that I can buy a new car or a few semesters at a good college.
Hi, Billy.
Hey, what do you say you and Porky take us to a movie?
It'll be real fun, huh?
No, I can't.
I'm saving up for Bright Future
at First Union, Federal,
National, Regional, Imperial,
Republican, Communist,
Soviet, Socialistic, Democratic,
Nuclear Savings and Trust.
Oh, too bad.
Saving money is hard,
but the rewards are well worth it.
Why?
In just a few years,
I can, um...
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Maybe I'll put that one straight into the end zone.
It was real bad.
You're caught on the crossfire
between two people talking to you at once.
Okay, so how many touchdowns did Jeanine
end up scoring by halftime according to Amanda?
Huh?
Introducing Talk Waiting, the new device
that allows you to have two separate lines
of uninterrupted conversation.
So the next player I call for was Jeanine.
Great.
Can I put you on hold?
Sure.
Great.
Oh.
Okay, so now what did Jeanine say about what Jody
heard Amanda say about her?
Well...
Talk Waiting from IPNP.
Making communication simpler.
Darn, it's time for my piano lesson.
I have to go to the store for my mom.
We never have any time to watch TV anymore.
Can't find time to watch TV?
Now there's help from Telequick,
the new microwave TV.
It allows you to watch all your favorite programs
in a fraction of the time it used to take.
You can watch 60 minutes in just six minutes,
and you get everything of value
from an episode of Melrose placing just nine seconds.
Just imagine the possibilities.
Hi, Roseanne.
You ate all that cake?
Tonight on Home Improvement.
Oh, oh, oh.
Darn, it's broken.
Tonight on the real world.
Come on, man.
Other people have to go.
Tonight on Unsolved Mysteries.
What is that?
I don't know.
Oh, I hate him.
Yeah, I'll go out with him again
as long as he pays for it.
Mystery on Murder, she wrote.
It's a presidential debate.
Mr. Bush.
Clinton Stanks.
Mr. Clinton.
Bush Stanks.
Mr. Pro.
I quit.
Tonight on The Cosby Show.
You see the thing about the thing?
Oh.
That's the new microwave TV from Telequick.
It also makes great popcorn.
For this 4th of July,
Public Access Channel 98 proudly presents
Dan's Barbecue Tips.
Oh, friends and neighbors.
Well, it's time once again
for the old Independence Day barbecue.
Now, first of all,
those bleeding heart wussies
down at the Environmental Neglection Agency
in their infinite lunacy
have decided that we can't use charcoal starter.
No problem.
I just siphon out about a half a gallon
of unleaded out of the old Bonneville
and whoosh, I'm in business.
Now, I recommend a 92 octane
for that special smoky flavor.
And I don't cook chicken
or beef or none of that crap.
I like to live off the land.
Very simple, really.
I'll just go out
and shoot anything that moves.
Then I thought on the old smoky hair
and blacken the tar out of it.
Any wuss can do this with a fork.
Gopher is a very underappreciated meat,
and right here we got some spotted owl.
Oh, and listen,
when you're cooking whooping crane,
be sure you're cut off that really long, floppy neck
because if it falls down into the coals,
it's gonna cause a hell of a stink.
Well, that's it.
Have a happy 4th and Bon Appetite.
And now it's time for our salute to Labor Day.
It's Halloween.
You can always tell when it's close to Halloween
because all the commercials have vampires in them.
Why is it I can't see myself in the mirror
yet my hair is always perfectly cold?
And why is it when I'm hungry
someone always offers me a steak?
Why is it film producers think
adding a trashy cheerleader will somehow
help their film?
How'd you do at the box office, Buffy?
Why ask why?
Try Blood Dry.
The refreshing new beverage from Blood Visor.
All the tastes of our regular brew
with only half the cord puzzles.
Halloween.
Time to bring out this year's crop
of pointless, cheaply made, blood spattered horror movies.
From Slasco Pictures,
it's Hellraiser, Freddy the Thirteenth,
Halloween Chainsaw Massacre on Elm Street, 12.
It's dark and scary in this whole house
and some of our friends have disappeared
and I heard screaming coming from the basement.
Well, why do we wait so hard?
We should all go down there
one at a time with our necks and thumbs.
No, wait, we shouldn't go in arms.
Here's a cabinet full of weapons. Let's see.
Chainsaw, hand grenade, flamethrower.
Oh!
Flashlight.
I hear a blood curdling scream.
A lot of hands of expensive merchandise
that has nothing to do with the holiday spirit.
Needless markup is having a fabulous sale
on dolls for girls and toy guns for boys.
Oh, what kind of stereotypical
chauvinistic role modeling is that?
Are you tired of the stereotypical
chauvinist role modeling of children's toys?
Yeah.
Hello, I'm Dr. Loretta Curran
and I want to help you end this dolls for girls
guns for boys business forever.
Introducing Bobble, the amazing new doll
that's also a gun.
Why reinforce unhealthy dependent behavior
on young girls?
Louise, dear, does baby wet herself
on some sugar for her teeth?
When they can be learning the same aggressive behavior
that men use to dominate them.
Hey, stupid girls, give us the cookies
that dear will take your lame-o dolls
and throw them in the sewer.
Glow ahead!
Bobble also allows young boys to express their tend
of feminine side without feeling self-conscious.
Now, baby, you wet yourself.
You dance with Ken because he's kind and gentle.
In GI gym, you hold the queen's hand because,
well, you love her.
And, and Bobble, I'll come for you
because you feel separation anxiety
from your mother.
Hey, Tommy, you play with dolls.
Oh, no, I was just using them for target practice.
Oh, cool.
Help shadow the stereotypes with Bobble.
Two great toys for the price of one
because it's time to have fun with the hun.
Let's go.
Several major holidays combined into one.
The government malls of the nation have decided
that this year we're all going to celebrate cash day,
a special three-day weekend event
where you go out and spend every cent you've got.
And hey, even the little ones can get in on the action
when retail man comes to visit them at their home.
Oh, cool. Does he bring his stuff?
No!
But he is willing to deal with your reasonable rates.
Do we at least get a meal?
Nope! You have to wait for Gluttony Day.
That's when you serve yourself like a star of big,
fall asleep watching nine hours of football.
Hey, what time is it now?
Time for a song.
What's a song?
Tomorrow, as all four Snick shows show up on Nick Mania.
Tomorrow afternoon, starting at two, one central.
Now ran in Stimpy Snick.
You sick little monkey.
All the magic of Disney's newest adventure, Aladdin.
Yo, let's have some fun.
Here's beautiful Princess Jasmine with Aladdin and Jeannie.
Make me a prince so I can marry Jasmine.
One wish coming up.
Jeannie has Aladdin, Booth Dick and Finn.
Not another prince, but Jasmine.
Aladdin, it's you.
Let's dress her in a princess gown.
So beautiful.
Jeannie's the best child there could be.
Aladdin and Jasmine come with two outfits,
although so separately new from Mattel.
Now in the Target movie department,
save 20% on the family favorites,
Willy Wonka, Tiny Toons and Rock-A-Doodle.
Get ready.
It is boring.
The Muffets are coming to theaters
in the family movie event of the year.
Be serious.
All your friends will be dropping in.
There's Kermit the Frog.
Merry Christmas, everyone.
Miss Piggy.
Whatever.
Gonzo and Rizzo.
Hey, hey, hey.
I'm not the rat.
Everyone's got the holiday spirit.
It's creepy and kind of.
Walt Disney Pictures presents from Jim Henson Productions,
The Muppet Christmas Carol, rated G.
Now playing it at theater near you.
Check newspaper for showtimes.
Look, Stimpy.
Now there's the life.
Oh, look at the cute little babies.
Cute nothing.
They're deadbeats.
Babies have the world's easiest life.
People feed them.
They close them.
They carry them everywhere they go.
And they expect nothing in return.
Why, I here tell that they don't even have to wipe themselves.
No.
Yeah.
All right, drop the act.
I got a proposition for you.
I'll give you 50 bucks.
If the two of you take your permanent vacation.
Out of the way, Jackson.
You're holding up the parade.
So long, chumps.
Hit the road.
You know, Stimpy, this is the best scam yet.
I'm telling you.
We got it made.
Poopy pie babies.
Have we made poopies?
No poopies.
Well, we won't tell daddy this time.
But next time we want to see poopies.
Well, let's see if Sean did anything.
Oh my, what a good boy.
Your papa will be so proud.
Yes, you're my little stinky bear.
Mom always liked you best.
Honey, I'm home.
Where are my big boys?
There they are.
Tiger, whatcha know?
Sean adorable.
He looks just like you.
Yeah, he sure does.
But I still can't believe I let you talk me into giving him that name.
Now Eugene here.
There's a boy's name.
Hey tough guy, think fast.
See those reflexes, hun?
And I grabbed a match.
Yeah, you're gonna be a tough guy.
That's right.
Yeah, you're gonna wallop all your friends.
You're gonna be a big strapping film.
Maybe even a bully, huh?
Just like your grandpa.
I won't have that man's name spoken in this house.
Okay honey, that's important to you.
Give your daddy a big old hug.
Honey, I think it's time the boys learn to walk.
Oh honey, I think it's too soon.
Come on hun, they can't hide under their mother's skirt forever.
Okay, but if my boys get rickets, we'll know who to blame.
Come on boys, come to daddy.
That's it, don't be afraid.
That's amazing, they learn so fast.
Hmm, they need something more challenging.
Think that is a little too early.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Hey Eugene, let's play your favorite game.
Look hun, I told you he had grandpa's grip.
That's quite enough rough housing.
It's time for the family bath.
Oh boy, bath time.
This is nice, this is what family is about.
Honey.
Yep, there's nothing like a hot bath to settle one's digestion.
Hold the boys while I go to the door.
What can I do for you officer?
We found these boys hanging out down at the track.
They claim to be yours.
There must be some mistake officer.
My boys are safe in the bathtub with their mom and grandpa.
Hey you two, you blew our cover.
I want my 50 back.
Come on, give it to me.
You want 50?
Hey, what are you doing?
Let me go.
You want 50?
I'll give you 50.
Two, three, four.
Let me go.
Five, six, that's enough.
Seven, you're hitting me aren't you?
Eight, nine, I don't like that.
Snirke, we'll be back after this.
You idiot.
When you want truth, justice, and fighting crimes,
Nickelodeon's got the dog that rhymes.
There's no need to fear, underdog is here.
Underdog will get here quick at 4-3 central here on Mick.
Joy to the Lord has come.
Let her know.
Happy holidays from the Ride Rats and Nickelodeon.
I heard Mack got a Sega Genesis.
Mack got a Sega Genesis.
Well, I guess one more is okay.
The Sega Genesis, game cartridges sold separately.
Now create your own Terminator with the BioFlesh Regenerator.
I'm back.
Yeah?
Think again.
Battle damage.
Add flesh compound.
Terminator created.
Terminator.
I'm back.
And now back to Snag.
Sneak, sneak.
How many times do I have to tell you?
Biggest event of the year.
Hey, I'm George Licker.
American.
I want you to meet a real champion show dog.
My prize minutes are great, then.
Champy.
Look at the little rascal.
Show us your lipstick.
Yeah, it's a good boy.
Now a champion show dog possesses many fine traits.
Like dental hygiene, for instance.
Just look at those gums.
You think gums like this come cheap?
No, sir.
You've got to massage them.
There you go.
Now don't be stingy with your love.
Oh, oh.
How about that?
What's this crap?
Your dog got one of these?
Yeah, I'll bet it does.
To be a real champion,
your dog must have its tail bob.
Easy now.
Man, that's pretty.
Now note how the smooth butt
adds a regal appearance to your show dog.
Lookie, here's another one.
See that?
Yeah, but I'm a cat.
Madagirl Rex.
Finally, let's not overlook the importance
of a show dog's fur.
Look at those fine coats.
They weren't born this way.
Only a daily buffing can bring out that shine.
Hi, you're looking mighty handsome.
Shut up.
Tear your tonsils out.
Don't sweat it, boys.
You can lick them.
You can lick them all.
Ah, no contest.
Hey, boys.
We'll have this judge eating
out of the palms of our hands.
All right.
Let's have a look at your dog, ma'am.
You call that a dog?
Rat with a hippy wig.
It's in the bag.
It's too easy.
That's periwinkle measure up.
No, ma'am.
I don't like it.
Gasp.
It's been a good life.
Next.
You're kidding.
It's not my fault.
You think I want to be seen with hair like this?
Man, will you look at that.
It makes me wanna puke.
It's him.
He makes me do it.
It's his fault.
Kill him.
Oh, please.
Don't reject me, please.
It's in the bag.
Look at you.
You're begging.
Shame on you.
All right, all right.
You're right.
I gotta take it like a man.
Next.
Here, take a look at this.
Hmm.
Asma and Chihuahua, huh?
Look at that.
Well, this one's representative
of his sickly breed.
All right, he's in.
Steampie.
I've seen him before.
No, sir.
His butt's too smooth.
I've heard of that.
Take a closer look, you moron.
Don't you know a Cornish Max town when you see one?
Maybe I don't.
Well, take a night look at closer now.
Big Jack, what do you think now?
I think he looks good.
Thank you.
Louder.
He looks good.
Yeah, I thought so.
Now, boys, this is the big time.
Make me proud.
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to I'm Your Judge.
Now there's a real judge for you.
A man's man.
Only the finest Joe dogs from all on beat
in this spectacular event.
First contestant,
a stunning Italian greyhound.
Boys, this is gonna be harder than I thought.
Perfect.
Time quarters.
Don't worry, boys.
If you don't make it,
we'll just go back to more guard dog training.
A salad brisket.
He gets a nine.
We have a fabulous Cornish Rex hound.
Go to it, Rex.
Mmm.
Good complexion.
Add a girl, Rex.
Nice hox, man.
He likes him. He likes him.
Let's take a closer look, shall we?
Ah, yes.
Good muscle tone.
What's this?
Oh, an ingrown dew claw.
Disqualified.
Take him away.
You lousy rotten bamya.
It took me months to push in that dew claw.
Guys, asma hao chi hua hua.
It's up to you now.
You're gonna bring me my trophy.
You're gonna make my dream come true.
You got that?
Oh, no.
I ain't going up there.
Why don't you do it yourself,
Mr. Big Shot?
Oh, a smart mouth, huh?
And I'm gonna win, too.
Look at those lines.
A perfect chest from withers to brisket.
Such a smooth butt.
I tell you, I've never seen
a finer dog in my long career.
Ladies and gentlemen,
for outstanding excellence amongst all breeds,
I present this first prize
to our finest show dog,
the Royal Amorage Hound.
Good job.
He should have told me sooner.
We're friends.
Do you think somehow he didn't trust me?
15. People say that we're just kids.
Does that mean it's not supposed to hurt
when you have to say goodbye?
Very. 15.
Gossip? No.
I never talk about people.
Unless I need to make something happen.
Nick's High School Saga continues
with all new episodes of 15
every Sunday at 5.30, 4.30 Central.
Submitted for your approval,
Louis Galloway, 13 years old,
he said he was ready for the ultimate video challenge,
but there's something new behind those doors,
and there's no turning back
when you enter the video zone.
Mind-bending games, unstoppable nemesis,
a video menace at every turn,
encountered from inside the game.
It's a new reality in a new dimension.
Nickelodeon's Ozone,
it's the ultimate video challenge, Nick Arcade.
10 days at 5, 4.30 Central on Nickelodeon.
I'm Tornado Rex, and I love Torex.
Smash, World Crash.
The Tornado Rex game.
Move your man up to win, but don't get knocked off.
Half Tornado, Half Wild.
Tornado Rex.
From Parker Brothers.
I heard Matt got a Sega Genesis.
Matt got a Sega Genesis.
Well, I guess one more is okay.
The Sega Genesis.
Game cartridges sold separately.
Celebrate the season with Nickelodeon and the Muppets,
and the foot-tapping, knee-slapping, top-bang-and-tunes
of Emmet Otter's Jeb Van Christmas.
Tonight at 8, 7 Central on Nickelodeon.
You can find their species in a book.
You can count their bones in a museum.
But only Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show
puts animals and kids face-to-face,
thin-to-thin.
Follow the Call of the Wild every Sunday
when Nickelodeon travels from mountaintops
to Uption Bottoms in search of animal adventure
on Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show
every Sunday at 5, 4 Central
on the only network for you, Nickelodeon.
When you want truth just to some fighting crimes,
Nickelodeon's got the dog that rhymes.
There's no need to fear.
Underdog is here.
Underdog will get here quick
at 4, 3 Central here on Nick.
Joy to us come.
Let's go.
Happy holidays from the Ride Rats and Nickelodeon.
Sorry.
It's a game of sorry.
First you're way ahead.
Then you get bumped way back.
So shake a leg and you all get home first.
A sorry game.
You always tell scary stories at night.
I mean, if they're scary,
they should be just as scary during the day, right?
No way.
They're always scary at night.
Yeah, but why?
Because you can't see things at night.
Yeah, like some ghoul could sneak up on you in the dark
and you wouldn't know until it was too late.
Yeah.
So who's going tonight?
I have a man.
What's the matter?
You always tell the same kind of story.
It's kind of gross,
but everyone always lives happily ever after.
Boring.
So what's your problem?
It's kind of gross and boring too.
Things are scarier at night,
especially in my story.
You can be scared during the day,
but don't bother because the real terror
never begins until night falls.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
except for Eric,
I call this story
the tale of the Nightly Neighbors.
What's the matter? Did I scare you?
Not too funny.
You sit in front of the TV all day
and you're gonna turn into Dad.
Great.
If that happens, we'll send you to your room.
Forever.
You're a zero.
You'll always be a zero.
You won't catch me sitting around like some toad.
There's a ton going on in the world day-day
and I'm not gonna miss any of it.
New neighbors moving in.
At night?
What's with the black clothes?
I think they look cool.
Maybe they're artists, foreign diplomats.
Or maybe they got dressed in dark.
I don't know they look stupid.
Whoever they are, they don't fit this boring neighborhood.
Tell me that wasn't creepy.
I think I'm going to avoid any neighbors.
Need a hand?
I need a new back.
What's in the box?
You know these people?
No, they just moved in Friday night.
We're coming over to say hi.
What's their name?
Um, Braun, Mr. and Mrs.
Look at this.
Rob, no Ukraine.
They're from the Ukraine.
Is that in your Disney world?
No dip. It's near Russia.
I knew that.
Must have wanted these refrigerators pretty bad
if they ordered them when they were still in Russia.
That's what they are? Refrigerators?
You just going to leave them?
Yep. That's what the order says.
Nobody home? Leave them in the driveway.
See you.
Come on. That's weird.
What? They're cars here.
They got to be home.
Why didn't they answer the door?
They're KGB agents who had to bolt
when the Soviet Union crumbled.
Or gypsy searching for a new home.
Oh, get real.
I'm late.
Don't forget to tell your father about...
Bye.
Sorry, Mr. Mitchell. Mom's in a rush.
She's a little crazy.
It's okay.
I know the feeling.
You okay?
Yeah.
I just got a touch of something.
I was weak as a kitten.
Well,
the mail must go through.
Have you met the new neighbors yet?
Oh, yeah.
They stopped by my house the other night
that's the night I'll never forget.
Why? Were they strange or something?
No. It's the night I started getting sick.
I hope I can shake it off.
Emma started paying close attention to the bronze.
She watched them every chance she got.
And the more she watched,
the more she realized
the new neighbors were just a little bit strange.
They didn't talk to anyone
and no one ever saw them during the day,
only at night.
Even their kid Lex was never seen during the day.
Late?
Um, it's kind of late.
Maybe some other time.
Lex never started school.
No one had even heard of him.
And the strange disease that hit Mr. Mitchell
was spreading through the neighborhood like crazy.
Oh, we're losing their energy.
It was like an epidemic going around,
knowing you what it was.
And it started the same night the bronze moved in.
Things seemed very strange indeed.
Emma had a great imagination,
but this was a little weird, even for her.
Then one night, all the pieces of the puzzle came together.
Come on.
I can't go to school, Mom.
I'm sick.
What? What?
I know what's wrong with the bronze.
Me too. They have a crazy neighbor.
You.
Listen, why is it they're never out during the day?
And where are they from?
Here, Rovno, Ukraine.
That's right in the middle of all those E.L. places.
Romania, Bulgaria, Transylvania.
And what about those people?
They're all getting sick, weak and pale,
and they'll have band-aids on their necks.
There's only one explanation.
What? Our neighbors are vampires.
Oh, I'm dreaming.
No, you're not. They're vampires all right.
They gotta be.
There's no such thing as vampires.
Remember those big crates that got delivered?
I think I know it was in them.
Me too. Refrigerators.
Oh, I'll bet it was their coffins.
And I'm gonna check.
Tonight, I'm gonna wait till they leave
then get into their basement.
I find refrigerators and I'm a jerk
and you can bust on me all you want.
I'm right and I find coffins
that our neighbors are vampires
and we are in big-time trouble.
While you're afraid of the dark
we'll rise to sneak again after this.
I'm Tornado Rick and I love to riff
riff, riff, world riff.
The Tornado Rick game.
Move your man up to win.
But don't get knocked off.
Half-Tornado, half-wild.
Tornado riff.
From Parker Brothers.
And the players are taking the field for
Frog Soccer.
And the ball's in play.
A scissor kick. He scores.
The ball is bouncing.
Frog to frog to frog to frog.
Perfect.
They picked special frog works.
Amazing.
We have a new champion.
Frog Soccer. What a game.
Grace under pressure.
Running. Jumping.
Airborne dunking.
Courage.
Swimming.
Intestinal fortitude.
It's guts.
Three kids battling for glory.
And a piece of the rock.
Skying.
Agro-cragging.
Nickelodeon.
Watch guts.
Every weekend at 6.35, 30 central
on the First Kids Network.
Cabbage Puts.
Splash and Tank Kids.
They love taking baths
and you can even wash their hair.
Cabbage Puts.
Splash and Tank Kids.
Each purchased separately.
She's going into a vampire's basement
at night.
Adios, Emma.
But they might not be vampires.
Then why are all those
people getting sick?
Yeah, like blood was being sucked
from their necks. I love it.
Emma didn't know for sure if they were vampires.
So she had to investigate.
And that night
she did.
What are you doing?
Vampires don't like garlic.
Neither do I.
Maybe I'm a vampire.
We're safe as long as you remember one thing.
A vampire can't come into someone's home
unless it's been invited.
So never ever invite the bronze inside.
Got it?
Yeah. I'll try and remember that.
Good.
You're not really going into the basement, are you?
What if he gets caught?
I won't. Don't worry. Look.
They leave the same time
every night.
Probably in search of their next victims.
Molly, can we come in?
Uh, sure.
Come on in.
No, wait.
Uh, my dad's not home.
And maybe he'll come back another time.
Bye!
Nobody! Wrong house.
Hello.
Come in.
I'm sorry my husband isn't here.
He works late.
Ah, we know what that's like.
We both work evenings.
It's been hard on poor legs.
He hasn't been well since we moved here.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
What is it you do for work?
We've been studying
your emergency health care services.
Paramedics, you call it.
We ride with ambulances
to study different techniques
we can bring back to our country.
It's absolutely fascinating work.
Although sometimes it'd be
dumb.
Bloody.
It's a refrigerator.
Daddy's never going to let me forget this.
Go to the refrigerator.
If I can crack him at school,
I can crack him here.
You've been most gracious, Mrs. Toll,
but we only came to introduce ourselves
and we must get Lex home.
I'm so glad we finally met.
Please.
Drop by any time.
No, I mean,
don't leave yet. You just got here.
I'm afraid Lex needs to rest.
But,
we can play video games.
It'll be great, right, Lex?
Maybe not.
It's getting late, Day Day.
Don't worry, Day Day.
Now that we've been invited,
I promise you we'll be back.
I'm here.
Brawns are coming home.
Come on.
Wait. I got to see something.
No coffins?
No.
They've got these refrigerators locked.
I want to see why.
Let me put that top one there.
No vampires? You said so.
Maybe they had bottles of blood.
They're vampires, all right.
And you invited them in.
Did not. Mom did.
Doesn't matter.
I think they found their next victims.
Who?
Us? They were invited in, remember?
We got to tell somebody.
Mom and Dad.
Or the police.
They'll never believe us.
We're the only ones who know
and we're the only ones who can stop them.
Tomorrow after school.
Force Dark?
We got to get them before they give us.
Here.
Put this on.
What's in it?
Wooden spikes.
We have to find the coffins and drive the wooden spikes through their hearts.
This is too gross for me.
Here.
Wear this, just in case.
Forget it.
I'm not going.
Day Day, if we don't stop them today,
they come for us tonight.
I think I know where the coffins are.
There. I think I'm going to puke.
Oh, it's locked.
Don't worry. It's a cheap one. I can open it.
That's still...
I'm scared, Am. Me too. But get a grip.
It's harder than I thought.
I got it.
Who was that?
I thought you worked at night.
They did. But the schedule changed.
Thank goodness.
It's blood from the hospital.
They have a surplus and we've been storing the extra units here for them.
Day Day, Lex is still not feeling very well.
We thought having a friend might help.
Would it be alright if he came over to your house
to play video games with you tonight?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Oh, wonderful.
Maybe we'll see you later too.
Hmm?
Nice to meet you, Am.
Ciao.
They work in a hospital.
That's why they bought it.
And how was I supposed to know that?
We better get them before they get us, Day Day.
Ooh, I'm so scared.
Alright, I made a mistake.
I'm never going to let you forget this.
Oh, give me a break.
You're a loser.
You're a big loser.
They weren't here, weren't they?
I'm afraid so.
No matter.
Tonight's the night.
You feel better soon, master.
You've been invited in by new victims.
You are wise in coming to this country.
There is so much more fresh blood here.
And no one believes
that a little boy can be a vampire.
With ghosts and ghouls,
there are no rules.
But a vampire's bite
only comes at night.
The end.
I declare this meeting
of the Midnight Society closed.
Until next time.
Pleasant dreams, everyone.
New adventures.
Let's go.
There's never been an escape
from Golden Apple Daycare.
Same underwear.
I'm gonna wear my diapers forever.
Mixed bottle totem ruckrats aren't always so brave.
We're babies and we're scared.
But they're bold.
Let's crawl further than any baby's ever crawled before.
New ruckrats this Sunday
at 10.39.30 Central on Nickelodeon.
Magic Jewel's Doll
comes with Magic Wand and 24 Jewels.
Extra Jewel packs sold separately.
Santa's gonna love these sweet fruity tricks.
Yeah.
Ho, ho, out!
I mean, ho, ho, ho.
Oh boy!
A big bowl of tricks.
A delicious part of this complete breakfast.
One bite of those fruity, faster card puffs.
And I'll really be jolly.
It's gonna be a raspberry man,
lemon and yellow Christmas.
An orangey-orange, grape and purple,
live green Christmas.
It's gonna be tricks.
Merry Christmas, Santa.
Hi, baby.
There's this dog.
And she talks.
Daddy talks.
One, two, three.
Sometimes she sounds real funny.
And you have to teach her.
And you, too.
I teach you to say over 200 things, baby.
Love to talk from Toy Biz.
When you want truth, justice, and fighting crimes.
Nickelodeon's got the dog that rhymes.
There's no need to fear.
Underdog is here.
Underdog will get here quick
at 4-3 Central here on MIC.